# ESSAY
Universidad de las Américas
76730
Carlos Daniel Hernández Calderón
76042
Michelle Mejido Chávez
Liliana Sánchez Madrid
75918
Life: Online Vs Offline
In the last few years we have seen the disappearance of habits and family customs. There are more and more applications and sites to meet people on the web from anywhere in the world. A lot of businesses are being replaced by online stores and video games in which you can create a life without leaving your room but, what do we mention all of this?
 “Sociologists and philosophers have reached a point where we spend more time in front of screens, in front of others and that has disturbing effects we do not normally see”, says Zygmunt Bauman. And I agree because, now, it is very common to see people looking down while walking or get to restaurants and see people face to face with their eyes on their mobile devices without exchanging a word about it.
Currently one could say that online life and offline life compete with each other. Now some questions emerge: which one is better? Where would I’d rather “live”?
Today we live simultaneously in two parallel and different worlds. One, created by the online technology which allows us to spend hours in front of a screen. On the other hand we have a normal life. The other half of the day was spent conscious in the world, against the world online, offline call. According to the latest statistical research, on average, each of us spends seven hours in front of the screen. And, paradoxically, the danger lays there is the propensity of the majority of users to make the online world a faraway conflict zone. When you walk down the street in Buenos Aires, Rio de Janeiro, Mexico City Venice or Rome, you cannot avoid meeting the diversity of people. One should negotiate with those people cohabitation of different skin color, different religions, different languages. It cannot be helped. But yes you can dodge Internet. You press the "delete" button and unpleasant sensations disappear. We are in the process of liquidity helped by the development of this technology. We are slowly forgetting, or have never learned the art of dialogue. Among the most analyzed and theoretically more harmful damage online life are the dispersion of attention, impaired ability to listen and the ability to understand, leading to impoverishment of the capacity for dialogue, a vital form of communication importance in the offline world.
We found a substitute for our sociability on the Internet and it makes it easier not solve the problems of diversity. It is a childish way to dodge life in diversity. There is another force acting against and changing situation in the labor market regulation. The old workplaces were areas that promoted solidarity among people, they were stable, that changed today with the brief and precarious contracts. Unstable, fluctuating and non-career conditions do not favor solidarity, but competition. These two factors do not encourage people to dialogue. I am an adult person and I think I'm going to die without seeing this issue resolved.
Technology influenced both things: easy and the lack of tolerance that, I think, every day we are moving away from reality, from the old ways and we are creating a world within and based on our mobile device.
I believe that the more it has to be a topic that we have to put up with hashtags or ridicule in social networks, is due to attend and people should be aware about it because I am sure that more than one would like to delete people, lock and even denigrate the way in which you can do in social networks and that by simple logic.
